that are joining us today today is an
opportunity to talk about the progress
that we are making on on mitigation on
testing on supplies we understand as as
FEMA's as FEMA's mission that this
effort through FEMA will be locally
executed state managed and federally
supported and I want all the governor's
to know that we are with you every step
of the way we are absolutely determined
at the president's direction to make
sure that you have the resources and the
support as you see to the health and
well-being of your communities we
commend the governor's at this point mr.
president as we told the country today
three states are 50% of the coronavirus
cases in America today so we're focusing
resources at the point of the need the
governor's in those states their state
health officials are responding with
great professionalism at great speed
we'll continue to support those that are
directly impacted but by standing up
through a year national emergency
declaration mr. president standing up
FEMA and standing up the National
Response Coordination Center we we want
our governor's we want all of our state
and local health officials to know that
we are as you say bringing the full full
weight of the federal government to bear
to support our state's and our local
communities and that will get through
this coronavirus and we'll get through
this together I agree with that 100%
thank you very much and for the media
I guess perhaps you're gonna stand aside
we're gonna have the screen right behind
you and we'll start opening this up to
the governors that's okay please yeah
got the one question for you
okay
[Music]
thank you very good thank you very much
and we will consider everything you very
much okay who's next
[Music]
to unflexible block grant those will be
to allow us to continue to serve our
people and secondly we are we're doing
everything we can to get PPE work for
firing it we're getting donations but we
still are going to need a big slug of
the strategic stock
and so Phil try try what you can do the
best you can to get what what you can
actually get and we're also having a lot
of things produced that frankly nobody's
ever seen anything like this before what
is your second request John bel what's
your second request please the second
request
right okay
we're gonna look at that and I'm gonna
try and get you immediate approval on
the hospital I know about the hospital
requested so we're going to speak to the
VA we're gonna see if we get immediate
at least as a switch but we'll get that
approved for you one way or the other
all right okay thanks a lot
I might ask very briefly while we're
waiting for the next governor to come on
Mike if you could say a few words and
also Debra if you could say a few words
would be great and then we have another
governor teed up please great for your
leadership your partnership in
confronting the coronavirus a few
updates and a few requests for each one
of you I want you all to make your
citizens aware the President signed the
family first coronavirus response act
last night coronavirus testing is free
paid sick leave family leave for
caregiver givers food assistance to the
needy get the word out to your citizens
to be very helpful on testing as we've
said many times have worked with many of
you through your state labs and in
certified labs and of course if the CDC
testing is now available in all 50
states we want you to be aware that if
you have questions about the
availability of testing in your state
you obviously can talk to your state
health department and health care
providers but I want every governor to
know that because of the public-private
partnership that the president forged
with our commercial labs Roche thermo
Fisher and as of last night Abbott
Laboratories are now coming online
literally by the hour
and when they are done we will have some
2,000 labs stood up around the country
with the high throughput testing your
health care providers will know where
those resources are your State
Department will know where their
resources are and we just encourage you
to bring your team together important to
note that that while now tens
thousands of more tests are being
performed literally every day the bill
the President signed last night also
included a provision that states and
private labs must report all coronavirus
testing results to the CDC emphasized
that dear State Health Department your
health care providers encourage you
maybe to pull them together today before
end of business we're rapidly expanding
testing around the country but but as
dr. Burks will reflect in a moment we
want to make sure that we're getting the
results of that testing so that we can
be informed about that and of course
that the American people can have full
visibility on that testing as well
she'll also explain we will see as
testing is ramping up today and tomorrow
we will see an increased number of cases
we want to give context to you and to
your citizens about that on supplies
President Trump has have been engaging
industry leaders in the supply chain
across the country and to make sure that
personal protective equipment and
medical supplies are broadly available
on the subject of masks I've talked to
many of the governor's about n95 masks
again in the bill the President signed
last night we have literally unlocked
tens of millions of n95 masks what the
president asked the Congress to do and
they did was we extended liability
protection to all industrial n95 masks
so those can now be readily sold to your
hospitals and health care providers we
urge you to communicate that to your
health care providers your hospitals
today to let them know that that supply
has dramatically increased and they can
place orders we also would reiterate if
you can reach out to your construction
companies they're in possession of lots
of n95 industrial masks and the
president is urging all those builders
and literally hundreds around the
country have already done this to donate
those masks to their local hospitals
and clinics on the subject of
ventilators we are currently serving
health care providers around the country
and suppliers and I'm pleased to report
to you that we have already identified
tens of thousands of ventilators
including ventilators that can be
converted to treat coronavirus patients
your action item on that and you're in
your state should be you should survey
your outpatient surgical centers and and
your ORS to identify the type of
respirators that can be converted that
dr. Burks has been working with with
suppliers there's a changed vent that
has to be attached we've identified that
those are available but literally tens
of thousands of ventilators are now
going to be available because of because
of the survey that's currently underway
the other point that we wanted to
emphasize is at the direction of CDC and
the president's coronavirus task force
we are encouraging hospitals and every
American to postpone elective surgery
please explain to your citizens that
this will have a direct impact on
hospital capacity by suspending elective
surgeries it will free up more space in
hospitals including respirators as dr.
Burke's explained to me that many people
that require a respirator is because of
a surgery gone wrong
and so this frees up more of our
capacity across the board I know it's
not lost on any of the governor's here
mr. president that by standing up FEMA
we you now have essentially created a
structure that every governor is very
familiar with in dealing with disasters
and emergencies we have activated all
emergency support functions and
interagency functions here Pete Gaynor
is here for comments and questions
we intend to run all of the federal
response in support to States through
here at the National Response
Coordination Center and through FEMA we
this center is fully operational
governors I I want you to tell your
teams that this this NRCC will be
connected to your states through your
regional administrators and your State
Emergency Operations centers this will
be very familiar to all of you any
questions that you have the only thing
that I would ask on the president's
behalf if there are issues that arise in
your state begin with your regional FEMA
administrator literally 20,000 people
work for FEMA there you all know what
incredible people they are and they're
ready to go to work to work your issues
so with that mr. president I might just
turn it over to dr. Burks with your
permission and she'll reflect on what we
know about the data and what we know
about the spread of the disease but
thank you then your bold leadership
thanks for what you're all are doing to
implement the president's coronavirus
guidelines it's an honor to be serving
with all of you thank you Mary states of
California Washington Washington New
York with the addition counties of New
Orleans and Cook County we are very
concerned to remain concerned in urban
areas where mitigation and social
distancing is absolutely crucial the
issue of decreasing spread due to
contaminated counters and other things
in restaurants and bars as well as movie
theaters is absolutely critical so I
know you're concerned about your
hospitals but critically you need to
make sure that all elective medical and
surgical procedures and dental
procedures have been cancelled that that
PPE is being utilized and transferred to
the parts of your state that need it the
most you look at all elective surgery
centers
your outpatient surgical centers and
that staff to be your search capacity
those ventilators can be converted to be
utilized the anesthesia ventilators to
be used as ventilators I think as we all
work together to solve these solutions I
think unlocking the mass and the PPE
from construction was absolutely key as
well as as well as this ventilator
situation I think the federal government
has been very proactive and ensuring
that we've decreased bureaucracy and
barriers to unlock these innovations we
believe that innovations will continue
to come from the field and we appreciate
your frontline workers who have been
informing us about their changes it's
important that we're tracking the data
on a county-by-county as as granny early
as we can because we can look at weather
mitigation is working in those we'll get
feedback from your community this will
only be solved if every single person in
every single community takes
responsibility to ensure that following
the presidential guidelines that were
put out several days ago for the two
weeks of stopping this virus so we will
stay in close communication with all of
you through FEMA we're very excited
about the full activation of FEMA's
we'll be able to provide a dialogue both
up and a violent dialogue down so that
we can stay and close their
communication and so we can ensure that
we have prioritized all stockpile
elements based on the needs and the case
structure that has been reported
reporting becomes critical if we can't
see it we don't know how to unlock the
stockpiles so this both test negative
and test positives are going to be
absolutely essential as well as hospital
admissions and CCU beds so that we
understand exactly what is required from
the federal government Thank You mr.
president
thank you very much Mike go ahead Thank
You mr. president just two brief points
on the subject of testing Admiral Gua is
with us the US Public Health Service has
built a model so many of the states have
already begun drive-through testing are
doing a yeoman's work in that space and
an agua
here to articulate to you how we can be
supportive of that going forward and
where we're rolling that out last point
the president asked me to emphasize we
want to encourage every governor on this
call to convene your leading healthcare
providers today to to take inventory of
your medical supply needs and we urge
you to remind them that they need to
look to their supply chains first we'll
prioritize accordingly and any states
that are in the middle of critical
response know that we will work with you
to get you what you need other states
you need to talk to your health care
leaders providers and make sure that
they are going to the supply chain and
we encourage you to to pull them
together today to two of them emphasize
that point Thank You mr. president and
thank you very much Mike and I want to
get back to the governor's I do want to
say to me something so big the FDA has
approved a compassionate use for a
significant number of patients we have a
drug called chloroquine a derivation
would be hydroxychloroquine which i hear
even better about it's a common malaria
drug it's been available so therefore
the safety level we understand very well
it's been relatively safe and it showed
very encouraging early results really
encouraging if we if this works as well
as hopefully it might the FDA which
would have taken normally much longer to
do under our great Secretary has been
fed the head of the FDA has been dr. hon
dr. Steven Hogg he's been fantastic
he got it approved very quickly I won't
even tell you how quickly but let's put
it this way it's approved and we're
encouraging you to take a look at it we
have ordered a lot of it and you can too
it's by prescription it's a very
powerful drug for malaria and also for
various forms of very serious of
Reiter's but we think it has a very
serious very good impact on what we're
talking about with respect to the virus
so you'll take a look at that and you
can coordinate with us but I think to me
that's a game changer
you know about the vaccines are fine but
that will be a while before you can test
them because you have to leave quite a
bit of period we are making tremendous
progress sort of vaccine but it still
takes a long while to test it we're also
studying this and other promising
therapies which is a therapy produced by
Gilead and that would be REMS it's
called REM nessebar REM Nessebar and it
shows great promise and reg in Arad was
a company which is also working very
hard on a drug and it's also they're
doing very well they are the ones that
came up with a very successful solution
to Ebola and they've been a fantastic
company so we have some great things but
the the ones that I mentioned are very
good but especially I think if you look
at the first mention could be a absolute
total game changer and with that I think
we'll go back to the this is my
prescription
but states can issue it and we have an
approval by the FDA and I think it's
going to be something that will be very
interesting to see we're going to know
very quickly but we've had some very
good tests and it's been successful so
let's take a look to me that's probably
the most important thing that anybody
can say if it works but we have it
approved for safety and I want to thank
the FDA for acting so quickly who's
incredible how quickly this was
something that would have taken years
and they got it done almost immediately
based on the past history of the drug
thank you very much
who is the next governor please
I peed around
PPE I got three quick things to bring
your attention one is reagents to
process the tests so once
for example somebody's been swab and we
have a test kit sending a to lab working
to conserve the reagents but I think
some of my colleagues are actually out
so if you can put some attention in the
CDC to how we can make sure we're okay
that would be a first responder
I've got attorneys and so our schools
our teachers can't do anything because
we're gonna get sued because of the
requirements that's good we'll get right
back to you on that B thank you very
much great job you doing thank you
okay who's next governor who's our next
next
[Music]
all right thank you very much well we do
like you going out seeing what you can
get if you can get it faster and price
is always a component of that also and
maybe that's why you lost to the feds
I'll tell you that's probably why but
I'm gonna I'm gonna ask Mike to discuss
that because we have some I think brand
new information please like well charlie
we will take that back and appreciate
the feedback Secretary of HHS is here
and we we want to facilitate all the
states and the health care providers in
your states to be able to access
that supply chain as it becomes more
robust specifically on the defense
production act the the president the
president has has activated the defense
production act but he's not initiating
any other action underneath it right now
what I can tell you is as the president
has brought together leaders of business
and industry and supply chains I think
mr. president you put it well when you
talk about the spirit in American
business about wanting to ramp up
voluntarily to meet the needs that our
health care providers have in this
country is truly inspiring and so the
president has not yet exercise his
authority under the defense production
act he said he will if he needs to but I
think I think the president's perception
the team's perception is now is American
industry is stepping forward very
aggressively and with the changes that
Congress just enacted and the president
signed and we're going to continue to
make to make more and more PPE available
and I will say this too earlier for
everybody the country has really stepped
up like I don't think we've seen it in
many many probably decades it's
incredible the way they've stepped up so
we hope ok thank you Charlie we're all
facing and thank you so much for joining
vice president the former governor to
lead this crisis he's been terrific and
working with all of us and reaching out
to us thank you yesterday prior we try
to consolidate it down
to kind of a group of concerns that got
only governor's agreed on work sort of
our priorities and we talked with Doug
holster last night and gave to the White
House raise those issues some of which
you've already covered already in the
discussion but I just went up walk walk
through them there's summarises there
are 25 30 different things all the
governor's we're talking about but these
were the ones that were the most there
was most consensus on one one it was you
know trying to dedicate at least 50% of
the supplemental funding to the states
including some direct funding funding
[Music]
industries that are being hurt and
getting those checks out for the people
that need them but we have the money in
the states we can really utilize that I
think faster and push it out sort of
like we do on other things with block
grants secondly we've talked about this
a lot but every governor obviously is
trying to work with you and and
bombarding about things about how do we
work together to increase access to PBS
a math test gets extraction kits and
accelerate the production and all of
this life-saving equipment ventilators
and we're working together but that's
obviously something all 50 governors are
at the top of their list third and this
came mostly from mr. president the
co-chairs of the Council of Governors
Governor Hutchison and governor EJ about
the supporting title 32 authorization to
give the governor's with more
flexibility with their National Guard's
and it helps us pay those folks and get
them benefits that we've elevated we've
activated 2,200 Guard members in our
state and this is nothing I think the
governor's had against all 10 Oh your
point these are on this call I believe
and providing some got number four
providing some guidance on
implementation of the defense production
act so we can kind of help work with
secretary a czar and give some thoughts
about how the states would be more
involved
helping that with some of the industries
in our state's and lastly allowing us
some more flexibility for the completion
of both the Census and the Real ID
because we're trying to not force people
into like our MBAs we've waived
licensing requirements so we don't have
people trying to get renewals of
licensing and yet Real ID requires us to
get all these people in there by October
1st and I just want to again thank you
there's been tremendous cooperation you
have a terrific team thank you that's
been working and I want to try to limit
the people bothering reiterate when I
talk with the White House about last
night and that is you've mentioned it
mr. vice president going through the
normal FEMA process so it's great that
you're being so willing to help
governor's personally but and I think
things will happen better if you go
through feed your regional FEMA
coordinators and you got more people
addressing these issues but well thank
you Larry you know I think I think the
FEMA is going to go great we've had so
much we've done so much work with FEMA
unfortunately recently on a on a big
tornado in Tennessee you know that and
then last year on a big tornado in
Alabama and plenty of hurricanes and we
work also in California largely in
California that big forest fires in FEMA
there's a job like no like no other and
so I think there'll be a tremendous I
know there going to be a tremendous help
on the two points that are relevant I'd
like you to call Steve minuchin I'll
speak to him later give him a little
detail in those two points please so
that while we're doing this with the
center we're getting a lot of
cooperation from Democrats and
Republicans maybe you can make those two
points a little bit with Steve because
few people do agree with that okay thank
you thank you very much Larry okay next
mr. president if I might before the next
governor speaks I might with your
permission
Pete Gaynor could give us a couple
minutes I think Governor Hogan
we appreciate your affirmation of the
president's decision to stand up FEMA's
National Coordination Response Center
and and to have all the state requests
and resources funneled through a very
customary system here at FEMA but mr.
president with your permission yes
National Response Coordination Center
and as the secretary the vice president
self no seriously FEMA is the leading
federal operations or is leading federal
operators on behalf of the White House
corner task force where we seize the
whole of them in response to the
pandemic like all of you we are prepared
to do this for the long duration for the
long haul the health and safety of our
employees and the American people is my
top priority as the as of this morning
the HHS crisis action task force and
other federal partners have fully
integrated into the operations base here
at FEMA's National Response Coordination
Center additionally all 10 FEMA regional
response chlorination centers around the
country have been activated to support
ongoing response efforts in each of your
respective states and regions
currently there are 50 states of the
District of Columbia five territories of
one tribe that have opted in and have
received the 501-b emergency declaration
of a Cove at 19 in support of this
FEMA's primary goal be to ensure you
have the resources that you need this is
what FEMA needs from everyone
the FEMA regional administrators will
continue to coordinate closely with you
and your teams determine the type and
level support you need as you continue
to respond to this dynamic threat like
all Mercy's responses most successful
one is locally executed state managed
and fairly supported and we cannot
stress this enough at the state level it
is informed that your Emergency
Management and public health teams are
linked together governor's if you have
unmet needs please ensure they have
community to your respective FEMA
Regional Administrator they have a
direct line here to the NRCC in
Washington
I also need your help in emphasising
that at the local and county level they
should first be following request up
through the state and then from the
state to the FEMA regional
administrators again locally executed
state managed and fairly support
recently today we issued guidance to all
states about one eligible emergency
protective measures are under the
Stafford Act so that was this afternoon
and governor's you should see that
shortly we will also issued guidance on
giving more definition about the defense
production Act I thank everyone for the
continued partnership in this effort and
as the president vice president said we
will get through this together as a team
thank you very much Pete and in addition
to FEMA we have the very very talented
man who have dealt with a lot on
building different things throughout the
country the general that you I think for
the most part you know general semmen
it-- and that's the Army Corps of
Engineers and very much involved in a
couple of locations I knows very
specifically and he's definitely very
busy but he's a good builder thank you
very much for being here okay yes
[Music]
and to hospital yesterday
for Block Grant because we on the ground
need some flexibility to quickly react
to the guys are really struggling
thank you thank you thank you Juna very
much appreciate it very much and we'll
look into all of those points very
strongly thank you Gary please
[Music]
but I think you're right 100% and I
think we're going to have a we're gonna
be a rocket ship as soon as this thing
gets solved as soon as we beat the
invisible enemy it's an invisible enemy
and it's
it's in over 140 countries of you can
believe that 140 countries so it moves
fast as very contagious but we've really
stepped up and a lot of good things are
going to happen and one of the reasons
we're doing the packages that you're
hearing about reading about and know
about is the fact that we think it's
going to come back really fast
I think we're poised to come back very
very fast but we have to get rid of this
and we will get rid of the virus and
hopefully it'll be sooner far sooner
rather than later
thank you very much Gary appreciate it
[Music]
well thank you very much you're right a
hundred percent we're watching the auto
industry very much we're going to be
helping them out at least a little bit
and they've sort of requested some help
and it wasn't their fault what happened
so we'll be taking care of the auto
industry and I appreciate it very much
your comments thank you alright next
governor place
from Illinois I wanted to first express
my gratitude to your staffs and to
others working in the administration who
we've interacted with they've really
done yeoman work and be responsive -
Thank You mr. vice president for
returning calls to us as we needed more
help with the answers to questions about
testing and actually that's why I wanted
to ask a question today we understand
areas drive through testing that's being
stood up across the country we hope to
see Illinois in Illinois for these drive
through testing okay these states have
done a lot of that themselves working in
conjunction with us a lot of the drive
through has been done by States but
Admiral maybe you could answer that
question please a couple of numbers for
you right now we're very effectively
transitioning to large-scale testing by
leveraging all components of our
American healthcare system including CDC
and the state public health labs
healthcare and hospitals and large
commercial labs let me give you a few
numbers between March 2nd and March 14th
we made available ten point four million
test the United States population we
anticipate by March 28th that number
will be twenty seven point six million
tests according to the FDA so an
incredible surge in terms of supplies
which many of you I've worked with
probably about twenty individually
the FDA has made available a number of
options for supplies different swabs
different reagents if you don't have
culture medium you can use sterile
saline saltwater it works good everybody
has that epsilon F da faq website and in
general the commercial market is working
extraordinarily well the CDC and the
public health laboratories to date have
conducted over 45,000 tests and the
clinical laboratories the large clinical
laboratories have now conducted over
63,000 tests of which 20,000 were done
just yesterday so this shows the
incredible ramp we do not have all the
tens of thousands of hospitals which
ambassador birx is talking about I
wanted to highlight one before I get to
your question that the approval by
Abbott the approval by the FDA of the
testing system is very important to your
hospital systems because it spans a
little bit of a gap between what's done
at your state lab and what's done at the
large commercial laboratories there are
about 175 of these systems throughout
the country
150,000 tests were released yesterday
with about a million more coming over
over the next week these are in 175 of
your community hospitals VA medical
centers and they do about 500 tests per
day within your hospital system now in
terms of the drive through this is the
last part we are standing up 47 sites in
12 states according to the state needs
we asked through the FEMA regional
administrators for what you needed how
we can support you some states need very
little support some states
significantly more so far only one week
after we started it we will have several
starting today and likely more than a
dozen starting tomorrow and to be very
clear we gave the initial allocation
based on what their state told us but we
want you to work through your FEMA
system we have plenty of tests on the
backside we have plenty of supplies on
the front side work through your FEMA
administrator to give your requirements
and we will bring those back through the
thema system to meet them there's been
great demand a great enthusiasm among
the states for these drive-through
centers primarily for health care
workers and we want to support you we
can certainly provide more than 5,000
but we didn't want to give away so much
at the beginning provided for those
drivers going forward and we general
that shouldn't be a problem when you
please answer that because everything
should be in very good shape it is
absolutely not true that the
drive-through centers are monopolizing
the mark
we use swabs that the swab kits not the
testing kits we get them through the
commercial market we use a very small
percentage of them when I was asked
about shortages yesterday I went right
to the commercial market got 200,000 and
shipped them to the states that said
they couldn't find them so please look
on the commercial market because they
are there we will help you find them or
we will help you help you to access them
and again
if you send your requirements up and
with a FEMA system we will work with
your states to acquire them or assist
you in any way we're fully integrated
into FEMA now it's been great in only 12
hours we've got us all side
side by side so we want to help you we
appreciate the enthusiasm and there will
be more than 5,000 available to you
either the commercial market or we will
assess in fact last night we bought
250,000 swabs and they got distributed
all over - all over the country to the
various states and the states that
needed them the most so JB any problem
call me up but there should be no
problem with that at all thanks a lot
Chevy thanks Jimmy
next governor please
this is Kristi Noem from South Dakota
Thank You mr. president mr. vice
president we sure appreciate it I want
to tell you a little bit of my story and
I need to understand how your triaging
supplies we for two weeks for requesting
reagents for our Public Health lab from
CDC who pushed us to private suppliers
who kept canceling orders on us and we
kept making requests raising orders the
morning we would expect the supply all
of a sudden we get a cancellation notice
and we're working through all the
channels because I have the only well
found out that one of my received
reagents when they haven't even been an
FDA approved lab and aren't even ready
to start testing yes so they've received
what I was trying to get for two weeks
and I'm trying to figure out three ojung
supplies that we need especially when
I'm the only lab that operates on the
stage and we were going through the
channels there correctly and using and
searching and asking I'm probably all
right we heard we got you there will
never happen to you and it will never
happen to your state okay
[Music]
governor will this is secretary this
decree a czar we absolutely want to make
sure you get what you need there there
are many different reagents that can be
used so after this call
we'll get on with you to help make sure
you're getting what you need at hospital
I don't know how they got their supplies
they probably bought them on the open
market there's a trillion dollars of
open market supply that's where most
entities are buying that's where
Possible's buy their supplies from and
States can buy from but I'd encourage
you first please let your let that need
you know your FEMA regional director so
that it goes into your normal process
there but given this special issue here
that it's a CDC test we're going to get
on user team by the way after this all
and we'll get that issue solved there is
tremendous supply Deb please and I told
them to prioritize states that had not
received Roche commercial assays and did
not have LabCorp less or one of the
others so your hospital I'm not sure
what you mean they're not certified if
they have a there was this thermo Fisher
platform they are certified to run this
assay under
well FDA so there will be a lot of
commercial hospitals in your state that
will have access to these commercial
laboratories outside of the CDC trust I
understand about your state local labs
and using your public health labs using
the CC AA say but we're trying to
strengthen your individual hospitals
capacity where in normal assays are your
public Thank You Christy thank you very
much next governor please Thank You
Chrissy next governor please
go ahead go ahead I think we got caught
up next governor please
[Music]
Thank You Mike we'll take care of that
immediately very quickly all right thank
you next please
yes hi
[Music]
I think it's a good idea Pete will do it
through FIBA you coordinate that so call
me
wonderful thank you very much we'll get
it done thank you very much all right we
have let's go Thank You doc very much
thank you okay
next please
this lack from the Davin and I
appreciate you having this call I'd like
to ask one big thing of you I know that
you're looking at potential recovery
packages already in stimulus and talked
about the airlines and the cruise ships
and I would like you to consider
including the hospitality industry in
that I have unfortunately had to shut
down the strip in Las Vegas and tens of
thousands of workers have been displaced
as a result of that and while they're
getting some compensation and filing for
unemployment anything to help we could
get from your in to help with the
facilitation of getting our economy back
right would go a long long way I know
but get other parts of the country with
the theme parks and what none these
folks are lower wage sometimes it would
definitely be helpful if we could
include them in any recovery package I
think it's a great idea thank you very
much I think I think it's something
we'll be thinking about it Thank You
governor
next please weather and I might start
manufacturing him and then we've talked
about using laser technology laser
training to make the parts if FDA would
give us the standards and if Congress
and the administrator and the admissions
office of patent protection so that we
could get into the supply chain an
adequate supply ventilators and the
filters to where that was one thing we
had to worry about in our supply chain
going forward that would be very helpful
and we can do that too that's great we
can do that easily thank you thank you
bread well ladies and gentlemen thank
you very much it's been an honor to be
with you we'll do this probably often
until this gets
feel free to call me the vice president
anybody at the table anybody in the room
except for the media don't call the
media and we will see you at the next
one thank you all very much thank you
you